Remove deprecated "Errors" types (#19067)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/mean-mugs-suffer.md

---
"@fluidframework/container-definitions": major
"@fluidframework/container-loader": major
"@fluidframework/container-runtime": major
"@fluidframework/datastore": major
"@fluidframework/driver-definitions": major
"@fluidframework/driver-utils": major
"fluid-framework": major
"@fluidframework/odsp-doclib-utils": major
"@fluidframework/odsp-driver": major
"@fluidframework/odsp-driver-definitions": major
"@fluidframework/routerlicious-driver": major
"@fluidframework/telemetry-utils": major
"@fluid-private/test-end-to-end-tests": major
"@fluidframework/tinylicious-client": major
---

Removes a number of deprecated error related enums, and replace them with new object-based based enumerations.

> The changes involve removing deprecated error related enums ContainerErrorType, DriverErrorType, OdspErrorType and RouterliciousErrorType and replacement to new object-based enumerations of ContainerErrorTypes, DriverErrorTypes, OdspErrorTypes and RouterliciousErrorTypes. Refer to release notes of version [Fluid Framework v2.0.0-internal.7.0.0](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/releases?q=DriverErrorType&expanded=true).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The changes involve removing deprecated error related enums ContainerErrorType, DriverErrorType, OdspErrorType and RouterliciousErrorType and replacement to new object-based enumerations of ContainerErrorTypes, DriverErrorTypes, OdspErrorTypes and RouterliciousErrorTypes. Refer to release notes of version [Fluid Framework v2.0.0-internal.7.0.0](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/releases/tag/client_v2.0.0-internal.7.0.0).
```
